Update Readme.md (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/select-a-series-point-marker-based-on-a-point-argument: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T828686)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Chart for WPF - How to Select a Series Point Marker Based on a Point Argument

This example specifies the point marker type depending on the point argument.

![](Images/result.png)

## Implementation Details

> The [DataTemplateSelector](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.windows.controls.datatemplateselector) descendant (MarkerDataTemplateSelector) contains logic to select an appropriate marker type. The [SelectTemplate](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.windows.controls.datatemplateselector.selecttemplate) method override 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [DataTemplateSelector](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.windows.controls.datatemplateselector) descendant (MarkerDataTemplateSelector) contains logic to select the corresponding marker type. The [SelectTemplate](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.windows.controls.datatemplateselector.selecttemplate) method override 
```
